Spread is not an operator (#19618)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/operators/spread_syntax/index.md

// Nothing is logged; spread.foo is 1
```

> You cannot naively re-implement the {{jsxref("Object.assign()")}} function through spread syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot naively re-implement the {{jsxref("Object.assign()")}} function through a single spreading:
```
